resource_control: add new privilege `RESOURCE_GROUP_USER` (#17965)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Possible values: `"ddl"`, `"stats"`, `"br"`, `"lightning"`, `"background"`
- This variable is used to explicitly specify the task type for the current session, which is identified and controlled by [Resource Control](/tidb-resource-control.md). For example: `SET @@tidb_request_source_type = "background"`.

### tidb_resource_control_strict_mode <span class="version-mark">New in v8.2.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No

> - Type: Boole

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type: Boolean
```

- Default value: `ON`

> - This variable controls whether privilege contorl is applied to statement [`SET RESOURCE GROUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-set-resource-group.md) and optimizer hint [`RESOURCE_GROUP()`](/optimizer-hints.md#resource_groupresource_group_name). When set to `ON`, you need to have `SUPER` or `RESOURCE_GROUP_ADMIN` or `RESOURCE_GROUP_USER` privilege to change the bind resource group of the current session or current statement via these two ways. When set to `OFF`, none of these privileges are needed, this behavior is the same as older versions without this variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether privilege control is applied to the [`SET RESOURCE GROUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-set-resource-group.md) statement and the [`RESOURCE_GROUP()`](/optimizer-hints.md#resource_groupresource_group_name) optimizer hint. When this system variable is set to `ON`, you need to have the `SUPER` or `RESOURCE_GROUP_ADMIN` or `RESOURCE_GROUP_USER` privilege to change the bound resource group of the current session or current statement via these two ways. When it is set to `OFF`, none of these privileges are required, and the behavior is the same as earlier TiDB versions without this variable.
```

> - If your cluster is upgraded from an earlier version, the default value of `tidb_resource_control_strict_mode` is set to `OFF`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you upgrade your TiDB cluster from an earlier version to v8.2.0 or later, the default value of this variable is set to `OFF`, which means this feature is disabled by default.
```
